Fix healthcheck ports (#2378)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs/content/configuration/transportserver-resource.md

|``jitter`` | The time within which each health check will be randomly delayed. By default, there is no delay. | ``string`` | No |
|``fails`` | The number of consecutive failed health checks of a particular upstream server after which this server will be considered unhealthy. The default is ``1``. | ``integer`` | No |
|``passes`` | The number of consecutive passed health checks of a particular upstream server after which the server will be considered healthy. The default is ``1``. | ``integer`` | No |

> |``port`` | The port used for health check requests. By default, the [server port is used](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_upstream_hc_module.html?&_ga=2.177145440.496664158.1625655456-810965074.1624792158#health_check_port). Note: in contrast with the port of the upstream, this port is not a service port, but a port of a pod. | ``integer`` | No |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|``port`` | The port used for health check requests. By default, the [server port is used](https://nginx.org/en/docs/stream/ngx_stream_upstream_hc_module.html#health_check_port). Note: in contrast with the port of the upstream, this port is not a service port, but a port of a pod. | ``integer`` | No |
```
